Add build group meetings notes (#187)
spdx/meetings: README.md

* Time and cadence: once per month on the third Thursday of the month at 11:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXOutreachMeeting>
* Descriptions: Regular meeting for the Outreach Team to coordinate public relations efforts and discuss current projects.

## Build Profile Team meetings

> * Time and cadence: once per week on monday at 14:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Time and cadence: weekly on Mondays at 14:00
```

Nitpicking for consistency :lady_beetle:
